c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\bin\Debug\mentalHealth.xr.xml
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\bin\Debug\mentalHealth.exe
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\bin\Debug\mentalHealth.pdb
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\bin\Debug\mentalHealth.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\mentalHealth.exe
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\mentalHealth.pdb
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\vaida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\bin\Debug\yuck.xbf
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\yuck.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\yuck.g.cs
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\yuck.xaml
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\yuck.xbf
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\bin\Debug\awesome.xbf
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\bin\Debug\good.xbf
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\bin\Debug\meh.xbf
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\awesome.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\awesome.g.cs
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\good.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\good.g.cs
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\meh.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\meh.g.cs
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\awesome.xaml
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\good.xaml
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\meh.xaml
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\awesome.xbf
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\good.xbf
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\meh.xbf
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\bin\Debug\moodDiary.xbf
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\bin\Debug\tips.xbf
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\moodDiary.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\moodDiary.g.cs
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\tips.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\tips.g.cs
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\moodDiary.xaml
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\tips.xaml
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\moodDiary.xbf
C:\Users\Vaida\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mentalHealth\mentalHealth\obj\Debug\tips.xbf
